[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] After
escaping Gargoyle's clutches,
our heroes and their newfound
friends
were allowed to board
the Nautilus
until the Gratan
could be repaired.
Although Jean and Hanson were
thrilled
to be aboard
the technological marvel,
not everyone was pleased
with this development.
Grandis quickly changes
her opinion
of the elusive Captain Nemo,
but Nadia is still suspicious.
When Nemo finally meets Nadia,
he's shocked to see
the Blue Water.
What does Captain Nemo know
about the secret?
[dramatic music playing]
[waves splashing]
You knew all along.
You knew who she was.
-Yes.
-I see.
I also know that this matter
is none of my affair, Captain.
-That's correct. You may go.
-Aye.
[gasps]
Why am I afraid?
Hmm.
I'm sorry I woke you, Marie.
What's wrong, Nadia?
Nothing's wrong, dear.
Oh, what's going on?
Would you two mind
keeping it down a bit?
-Ugh.
-Don't be so rude, Jean.
Boys can be such little whiners.
[King yawns]
[buzzing]
[engineer]
Chief Engineer to the bridge.
We've completed repairs
of the main engines.
You may commence
a test dive at any time.
Thanks so much.
That is a great help.
Good morning, Captain Nemo.
Yes, good morning.
Repairs are complete.
We may begin
the sea trials directly.
Hmm.
-First Officer.
-Yes?
I must speak to
you about our passengers.
What, sir?
Hey!
But why?
Captain's orders, Jean.
There's
nothing I can do about it.
Oh, Captain's orders?
You will be able to visit Nadia
anytime you like, though.
So nothing has really changed.
Yes, it has!
Everything is changed!
[gasps]
Tell us why this must be!
All right. It's because
both of you are almost grown.
It wouldn't be proper to have
a man and woman
share
the same room.
-Hmm?
-[King purrs]
Uncomfortable
situations might develop.
The Captain wants
to avoid those problems.
-Hmm.
-I--
-Jean, you're--you're horrible!
Get out of here!
-Did you hear what I said?!
-[gasps]
I--Uh, I didn't mean it.
Get out of my room!
Um, but Nadia.
I hate you.
I hate this place.
I hate it!
[metal pounding]
Hey, Hanson, don't you think
it's strange
that they've
suddenly decided
to put that boy in our cabin?
Yeah.
Maybe he's
supposed to keep an eye on us.
Yeah.
You don't
suppose Jean would let himself
be used as a spy, do you?
-No.
-It's just another reason why
the quicker we get off this
dreary submarine
the better it is.
Well, I'd like to stay a while.
Don't you care that Captain Nemo
could steal Grandis from us?
I guess.
Oh, Nadia, why did you get mad
at Jean and yell like you did?
[King purrs]
I don't know.
Hmm. Boy, grown
ups are really weird.
[King purrs]
I'm not a grown up yet, Marie.
But the scary lady said you and
Jean were both almost grown up.
[King purrs]
She was wrong.
[sighs]
We're just children.
-Hmm.
-[King purrs]
You're a man, aren't you?
You need to show some spirit.
-Yeah.
-I know how you feel.
-It's hard to be in love.
-Hmm?
Especially when you're on
the same boat
but can't even see
each other.
And when you do,
you become speechless
and they never even know
you care so deeply.
-Is that what it's like?
-Uh-hmm.
Oh, well, when they finish
fixing the Katherine,
I'll have to go away.
[door slides]
Well, Miss, the Katherine
is now repaired
and ready to disembark, huh.
[gasps]
[sighs in dismay]
[dramatic music playing]
Bye, Mama, Papa, good bye.
There's no need for you
to say good bye to them, Marie,
because your mother and father
will always be
watching over
you from up in the sky.
Hmm. Are your Mama
and Papa watching you?
They are.
I think--I think
they're up there too.
[Marie] Good. Your Mama and Papa
can be friends with mine.
-[sonar] Captain Nemo.
-Hmm.
I'm detecting an airborne object
approaching from the stern.
-[Nemo] Distance?
-[sonar] Twelve kilometers
and closing fast, sir.
Approximately 27 knots
headed in a northeasterly route.
-It could be Gargoyle's airship.
-[beeping]
But why would he come back
in this direction?
He has his own reasons.
King, do you suppose
Africa's beyond those clouds?
-[gasps]
-[King purrs]
What is that?
[sonar] It's
within visual range.
[Electra] Shall
we track it, Captain?
First Helmsman, bring her
about 180 degrees,
prepare for rapid submersion.
Aye aye.
[Electra] All
hands, prepare to dive.
Let's wait for it to draw even
then we'll follow it matching
its exact speed.
[Electra] It's headed right
over the Le Mer Straits.
Didn't you hear the call?
The ship is going to dive.
Do you three want to drown?
Oh, come on.
-What's wrong?
-We better hurry.
[Electra]
The top deck is clear, sir.
All stations ready for dive.
Let it commence.
[engineer] Forward
balance states open.
Engines are viable.
Propulsion system engage.
[dramatic music playing]
Tanks are viable.
Pressure nominal.
[clicking]
[Electra] All systems are go.
[helmsman] Dive angle
at 25 degrees,
depth dead at 30 meters.
[Nemo] Return
ship to level position.
Maintain minimum speed.
[helmsman] Aye aye.
-Deploy detector.
-Aye.
[dramatic music playing]
[sonar] We've
attained visual contact.
That's the sky over
the Le Mer Straits, sir.
This poses a problem, Captain.
The reefs there will be
impenetrable for the ship.
[dramatic music playing]
[sonar] The airship
is increasing her speed.
We're falling behind, sir.
Captain, what are your orders?
If we go around
them, we lose Gargoyle.
Use the undersea passage,
First Helmsman.
Aye aye.
[dramatic music playing]
[sonar] We've
reached the reef barrier, sir.
[Nemo] Veer to two
o'clock first, Helmsman.
Two o'clock, steady.
[sonar] Depth is 200 meters,
300 meters,
passage dead ahead,
distance 80 meters, sir.
We are entering
the passage, Captain.
Add two degrees, steady rudder.
Upstream, plus two degrees,
and steady as she goes.
[clanging]
[sonar] Vertical clearance
at. 5 meters, horizontal at 1.2.
It's tight.
[helmsman] Don't worry.
We'll make it.
Passage exit is
within visual range.
[sonar] Distance
to exit, 20 meters.
[pings]
Multiple metallic objects
blocking exit, Sir.
Emergency,
full stop, full speed astern.
-[engine revs]
-[screaming]
Nadia!
[engine stops]
[engineer] Full stop attained.
[Electra] No damage.
-What are those?
-Mechanical mines.
-He laid a trap for us.
-Hmm.
No. Put her into
full reverse straight rudder.
Aye aye. Full reverse.
[engine starts]
What are they doing?
Now, we're going backwards.
I have a very
bad feeling about this.
[water splashing]
[dramatic music playing]
Lord Gargoyle, we have
deployed all of the mines.
Good. I hope
they were surprised by my gift.
Receive it with an open heart
and perish, my dear friends.
I'm detecting mines
from our stern, Captain.
-Hmm?
-[gasps]
Emergency stop, power to bow!
Full stop, full power to bow!
[engine revving]
[water bubbling]
Hmm. He has us.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[sonar] We're blocked in.
All exit routes
are completely impassable.
And our diving suits cannot
withstand the pressure
at a depth this great.
That's correct
and the space is too small
for the work pod to deploy.
We could push them back
with our jet propulsion.
But the sudden pressure
may only serve to detonate them.
It's too risky.
-[navigator] Captain Nemo?
-[Nemo] Hmm.
The current is beginning
to shift toward us.
-But how can that--
-[explosion]
-[grunts]
-[rumbling]
That accursed fiend.
[dramatic music playing]
You seem to be in good spirits,
Lord Gargoyle.
Yes.
I do enjoy a good chess match.
I imagine he will be receiving
my message within moments.
[beeping]
Hmm?
It's sending us Morse code.
-Read it.
-Aye.
"To my dear
friends aboard the Nautilus,
I hope you are enjoying
the bounty
of my technological
genius."
I apologize for delivering these
mines to you without knowing
if they will remain stable.
I am sure you were honored to be
the proving ground
for them, however.
The current shall reverse
in three hours and ten minutes.
Perhaps that will give you time
to remove them from your path.
Let's hope so.
A word of advice dear friends,
the mines are designed
to detonate on contact
or with the slightest pressure
or magnetic field alteration.
As always,
you are in my prayers.
We are his guinea pigs.
The enormity of his wickedness
knows no bounds.
[Nemo] That is the present
status of the vessel.
If there is a means of escape,
it is not presented itself to us
thus far.
Should anyone have a new idea,
report to the bridge
without delay.
That is all.
This is terrible.
That's fairly obvious.
We need to think more deeply
to solve this problem.
Well, Hanson?
Hmm, you know, it's difficult.
Any little disturbance
can detonate the mines.
-[gasping]
-Hmm.
I've got to think of something.
-Think harder.
-[Grandis] I've got it!
The Katherine!
You think if your tank was
made airtight
that it could manually
remove the mines?
Yes.
And you're
willing to do this yourself?
Don't you worry about me.
-[Hanson] Now hold on a second!
-Hmm.
I built the Gratan
with my own hands.
So anywhere it goes,
I'm going to go too, right?
That's right.
And I'll go with you.
Is that so? You both
could get killed out there.
I am a sorcerer when it comes
to controlling
the Gratan's forearms.
And piloting the Katherine
is my job, Ms. Granva.
[sobbing]
I love you, boys!
You are the best!
Well, there you have it,
Captain. It's all set.
Yes! I'm coming along also.
You'll need me, won't you?
-Fat chance!
You'll stay right here and
take care of your girlfriend.
This is a mission only
for mature adults like us.
[sighs]
[buzzing]
That's it. That's it.
Keep it coming.
Set it down over there, please.
[Grandis] Now listen, Sanson.
We've got to do
a good job on this.
We can't afford
to make mistakes.
They must see just how good
we are.
Must see just how...
And you want to get in good
with Captain fancy pants, right?
Enough!
You're barely tolerable
when you're silent.
-But when--
-[thuds]
[groans]
[buzz]
[sighs]
She's such a handful.
This is the only way.
-Don't you agree?
-Yes.
This mission is
much too dangerous.
If anyone's going to be
sacrificed,
it should be the two of us.
Right. We need to
do an exemplary job
so that the ship is spared
and she stays safe.
[machine revs]
[dramatic music playing]
[Nemo] This is
Captain Nemo to the Katherine.
Do you read me?
Loud and clear, Captain, sir.
The undersea telephone
is working perfectly.
What happened to Grandis?
[Sanson] Oh, I guess
we forgot to bring her with us.
I see. That's good.
All mines block our route.
We only have 20 minutes
before the current changes.
You must hurry!
-[Sanson] Aye-aye, sir!
-[Hanson] Aye-aye, sir!
-[Sanson] Ready?
-Oh, yeah!
Got it!
Start climbing.
[machine revving]
[engine revs]
[Sanson] The engine is gasping.
Try to open up
the air cylinder a bit, Hanson.
You might have noticed
that my hands are kind of full
right now.
[creaking]
[Jean] I took care of it,
was that enough?
Yup. Just perfect. Huh?
-Ah! Jean!
[Sanson] What are you--
how did you get in here?
-[Jean chuckles]
-[Sanson] That's not an answer.
We need to take it back.
[Hanson] No,
there's no time for that.
I promise
that I will not get in your way.
I want to help
you get this done.
Please let me do my part.
We might die doing this.
Yes. But you'd prefer not to,
wouldn't you?
[chuckles]
You have a point.
This is the Katherine to
the Nautilus.
[Nemo] Go on.
[Sanson] We recruited
another crew member.
[Jean] What are
you speaking into?
-Where's the transmitter?
-[Sanson] Hey!
-Cut that out!
-[Jean] Testing one, two, three.
-[Sanson] Sit down!
-[Jean] Testing one, two three.
-[Sanson] Don't make me, um...
-[Jean] This is Jean.
What?
[Jean] Nadia,
I'll be back before you know it.
Let's not fight anymore.
Jean.
-[rumbles]
-[Hanson] Off you go!
One down, three to go.
How dare they.
-[rumbles]
-[Hanson] See you later.
-Don't come back!
-[both] Don't come back!
There's no problem in
the world so large that...
Two away!
...Hanson, Sanson,
and Jean can't handle it.
-Let's go back for more.
-Oh, yes.
Here comes number three.
Hanson, the oil pressure gauge
is pinging over into
the red region!
[metal creaking]
The water pressure down here
is greater than I calculated!
You've got it. Slow and steady.
-[camera explodes]
-[Sanson] What?
The camera stopped working.
[sonar] The current
had stopped, sir.
It will reverse itself shortly.
-[Jean] What do we do now?
-[Hanson] Think!
-[door opens]
-[Hanson] We've got to come up
with a way around it!
Just what do
you two think you're doing?
-Ms. Granva!
Yes. And from now on,
we're going to do what I say,
aren't we?
-[Sanson] Yes, Miss!
-[Hanson] Yes, Miss!
Jean! Jean! Are you there?
[gasps] Nadia!
Jean.
Jean, please forgive me.
[Jean] Don't
worry about it, Nadia.
It's okay.
Get ready, boys.
[Hanson] Ready and waiting.
[Grandis] It's right in
front of you. Hold steady.
Now!
A little to the right.
Now you've got it.
All right. That's it.
Steady, steady, now!
That was perfect!
[sighs]
[Grandis] Now, move
straight ahead for 30 meters.
You're doing well.
Move to the right.
Five degrees to the right,
the right!
[sighs]
Let's get the last one, boys!
[all] Okay!
[ominous music playing]
The oil pressure is rising.
Will it hold?
The Gratan is my precious baby.
Of course it's going to hold.
[Grandis] Keep her straight.
Ten meters--five--stop!
It's right in
front of you. Careful.
You've got
it right in front of you.
It's within grasp.
Extend the arms.
Not that way! Stop, stop!
Move a bit to the left.
Now right.
Extend the arms a little more.
Good. Get ready for it.
Get ready.
Grab it! Grab it!
-We've lost pressure!
-Shut off the red valve!
Right.
-[Sanson] Watch it!
-Now!
[Grandis] You got it!
You've got the last one.
Don't let go.
[all] We got it.
[Grandis] Keep her straight
and move quickly.
[all] Right.
[man] We're almost out of time.
Slow speed astern.
[helmsman] Another
30 meters and she's clear.
[screaming]
They're cracking open.
[Grandis] Sanson! Hanson!
Be careful you'll
hit us with the mine.
[screaming]
I'm doing
everything we possibly can!
It looks like engine two
and three are dead, Hanson!
[screams]
[explosion]
The Katherine is coming
right toward us, Captain!
Don't let it sink. Hurry up
and let go of that mine, Hanson!
[grunting ]
[Nemo] All
hands, brace for impact!
Sanson! Hanson!
Jean! Please answer me! Please!
-Here!
-[Sanson] All together!
[all] One, two, three!
[helmsman]
Katherine has landed on us.
Engine to full speed!
Vertical ascension!
[rumbling]
Jean!
[tense music playing]
[explosion]
[screaming]
[cracking]
-[whistle blows]
-Good.
Steady.
-[crew] Set it down...
-It sure is hot today.
If we can feel that,
then I guess we're alive.
-I think we survived.
-[whistle blowing]
[crew over mic]
Prepare crew to the top deck!
-Prepare crew to the top deck!
-Ms. Grandis even forgave us.
And did you notice that
she only slapped us once?
Yes. One slap
and she breaks down crying.
-Yeah.
-Nadia was crying a lot, too.
So tell me, Jean,
what did you learn from this?
That I really hate mines!
[laughter]
[singing in Japanese]